Added Runtime and Cloud release notes for 12/16 (#210)
astronomer/docs: docs/runtime-release-notes.md

For instructions on how to upgrade, read [Upgrade Astronomer Runtime](upgrade-runtime.md). For general product release notes, go to [Astronomer Cloud Release Notes](release-notes.md). If you have any questions or a bug to report, don't hesitate to reach out to us via Slack or [support@astronomer.io](mailto:support@astronomer.io).

## Astronomer Runtime 4.0.7

- Release date: December 15, 2021
- Airflow version: 2.2.2

> ### Heartbeat DAG

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Astronomer Monitoring DAG
```

> Astronomer Runtime 4.0.7 includes a health monitoring DAG installed directly into the image itself. The `astronomer_monitoring_dag` emits a heartbeat every 5 minutes to check that your Deployment's schedulers and workers are healthy. If this heartbeat fails twice in a row, it sends an alert about the Deployment's health to the Astronomer UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Astronomer Runtime 4.0.7 includes a health monitoring DAG installed directly into the image itself. The `astronomer_monitoring_dag` runs a simple bash task every 5 minutes that is used by Astronomer's monitoring services to check that your Deployment's schedulers and workers are healthy. If this task fails twice in a row or is not scheduled in a 10-minute interval, an alert is sent about the Deployment's health to the Astronomer UI.
```

Reviewer 3: Should we also note that this is `an added check` to reflect that it's not our only monitoring of these resources?

Author: Reworded this paragraph a bit to address this

> Astronomer Runtime 4.0.7 includes a health monitoring DAG installed directly into the image itself. The `astronomer_monitoring_dag` runs a simple bash task every 5 minutes to ensure that your scheduler and workers are scheduling and executing tasks as expected. Astronomer's monitoring services use this task as an additional health check for your Deployment: If the task fails twice in a row or is not scheduled in a 10-minute interval, an alert is sent about the Deployment's health to the Astronomer UI.
> 
> Because this DAG is an essential component of Astronomer's observability tooling, your organization will not be charged for its task runs. For the same reasons, this DAG cannot be modified or disabled via the Airflow UI. To change the frequency of the DAG's heartbeat, you can specify an alternative schedule as a cron job in the `AIRFLOW_MONITORING_DAG_SCHEDULE_INTERVAL` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astronomer Runtime 4.0.7 includes a monitoring DAG that is installed in the Astronomer Runtime Docker image and is enabled for all customers. This DAG will allow the Astronomer team to better monitor the health of your Data Plane and ensure that we have real-time visibility into whether or not your Workers are healthy and tasks are running, which is our utmost priority.

The `astronomer_monitoring_dag` will appear in the Airflow UI and cannot be turned off. This DAG runs a simple bash task every 5 minutes to ensure that your Scheduler and Workers are healthy and functioning as expected. If the task fails twice in a row or is not scheduled within a 10-minute interval, our team receives an alert and will work with you to troubleshoot.

Given that this DAG is essential to Astronomer's promise as a managed service, your organization will not be charged for its task runs. For the same reasons, this DAG cannot be modified or disabled via the Airflow UI. To modify how frequently this DAG runs, you can specify an alternate schedule by setting `AIRFLOW_MONITORING_DAG_SCHEDULE_INTERVAL` as an environment variable and specifying the schedule in the format of a cron expression.
```

Author: Did a bit of cutting down here, specifically on 1st person plural and future tense language.
